Scheduled Command executeCommand section (#659)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/scheduled-commands.md

        command_results = CommandResults(scheduled_command=scheduled_command)
    return command_results
```

### How to use with demisto.executeCommand
When using `demisto.executeCommand()` a command or a script that returns schedule result **will not schedule** a command execution.

To schedule the ***schedule result***, the parent script should return that result via `return_results()`.
Prior to returning the result, it's possible to alter the ***schedule result*** fields `PollingCommand`, `NextRun`, `Timeout` `PollingArgs` (for reference see: [demisto.results](./code-conventions#deprecated---demistoresults)).

#### Code Example
Given an example command `polling-command`, that can return a ***schedule result***, the parent script can handle it like so:
```python
cmd_args = {...}
schedule_result = demisto.executeCommand('polling-command', cmd_args)
script_results = [
    CommandResults(...),
    schedule_result
]

> return_results(script_results)

Reviewer: This is partially correct. We should change the it. Lets talk

It's recommended to create a new result with `ScheduledCommand` class to schedule a future script execution.

**Advanced users** can extract the schedule metadata, and use it when scheduling the future script execution.
The schedule metadata fields are: `PollingCommand`, `NextRun`, `Timeout` `PollingArgs` (for reference see: [demisto.results](./code-conventions#deprecated---demistoresults)).

#### Code Example
Given the command `autofocus-search-samples`, that may return a ***schedule result*** (if it has `Metadata.polling` in its fields, and `af_cookie` in its `Contents`), or a non-scheduled result, the wrapping script `AutoFocusSearchScript` can handle it like so:
```python
args = demisto.args()
samples_result = demisto.executeCommand('autofocus-search-samples', **args)
script_results = []
if samples_result and not isError(res[0]):
    if demisto.get(res[0], 'Metadata.polling'):  # result has polling metadata
        # extract the af_cookie from the results
        af_cookie = demisto.get(res[0], 'Contents.AFCookie')
        if not af_cookie:

>             return_error('af_cookie is missing from schedule result.')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            raise ValueError('af_cookie is missing from schedule result.')
```
